What Challenges Have You Overcome?
What Are Your Secret Survival Strategies?
What Do You Do When You Encounter Obstacles to Success?
When Have You Failed? What Did You Learn From It?
When Have You Ever Succeeded When You Thought You Might Fail?
What Life Lessons Has Adversity Taught You?
What Work Went Into Reaching Your Most Difficult Goals?
How Often Do You Leave Your ‘Comfort Zone’?
When Was the Last Time You Did Something That Scared or Challenged You?
What Are You Afraid Of?
What Are Your Fears and Phobias?
What Are Your Personal Superstitions?
Do You Like Being Alone?
How Often Do You Cry?
Do You Ever Feel Overlooked and Underappreciated?
How Have You Handled Being the ‘New Kid’?
How Do You Deal With Haters?
How Do You React When Provoked?
What Role Does Stress Play in Your Life?
Does Stress Affect Your Ability to Make Good Decisions?
How Do You Relieve Stress?
How Do You Find Peace in Your Life?
Does Your Life Leave You Enough Time to Relax?
Do You Set Rules for Yourself About How You Use Your Time?
Is ‘Doing Nothing’ a Good Use of Your Time?
What Did You Once Hate but Now Like?
What Kind of Feedback Helps You Improve?
Is Trying Too Hard to Be Happy Making You Sad?
Do Adults Who Are ‘Only Trying to Help’ Sometimes Make Things Worse?
Related Article
What Is Your Personal Credo?
What Motivates You?
What Makes You Happy?
What Are You Good At?
When in Your Life Have You Been a Leader?
How Well Do You Perform Under Pressure?
How Well Do You Take Criticism?
Are You Hard or Easy on Yourself?
How Full Is Your Glass?
Do You Have a Hard Time Making Decisions?
How Much Self-Control Do You Have?
How Good Are You at Waiting for What You Really Want?
What Role Does Procrastination Play in Your Life?
How Good Are You at Time Management?
How Productive and Organized Are You?
Under What Conditions Do You Do Your Best Work?
How Do You Express Yourself Creatively?
Are You a Good Listener? 
How Competitive Are You?
Do You Perform Better When You’re Competing or When You’re Collaborating?
How Emotionally Intelligent Are You?
Do You Take More Risks When You Are Around Your Friends?
Do You Unknowingly Submit to Peer Pressure?
Do You Think You’re Brave?
How Much of a Daredevil Are You?
What Pranks, Jokes, Hoaxes or Tricks Have You Ever Fallen For or Perpetrated?
How Impulsive Are You?
Are You a Novelty-Seeker?
How Do You Deal With Boredom?
What Annoys You?
Do You Apologize Too Much?
Do You Have Good Manners?
How Materialistic Are You?
Are You a Saver or a Tosser?
Are You a Hoarder or a Minimalist?
Are You an Introvert or an Extrovert?
Are You Popular, Quirky or Conformist?
Are You a Nerd or a Geek?
What Would Your Personal Mascot Be?
What Assumptions Do People Make About You?
How Good Are You at Saying Goodbye?
Who Is Your Role Model?
Who Inspires You?
Who Are the People – Famous or Not – You Admire Most? 
Who Are Your Heroes?
What Heroic Acts Have You Performed or Witnessed?
What’s the Best Advice You’ve Gotten?
What Are Some ‘Words of Wisdom’ That Guide Your Life?
Who Outside Your Family Has Made a Difference in Your Life?
If You Had Your Own Talk Show, Whom Would You Want to Interview?
To Whom, or What, Would You Like to Write a Thank-You Note?
What Leader Would You Invite to Speak at Your School?
What Six People, Living or Dead, Would You Invite to Dinner?
Who’s Your ‘Outsider Role Model’?
Related Article
Who Is Your Family?
How Do You Define ‘Family’?
What Have You and Your Family Accomplished Together?
What Events Have Brought You Closer to Your Family?
What’s Your Role in Your Family?
Have You Ever Changed a Family Member’s Mind?
How Well Do You Get Along With Your Siblings?
What Are Your Family Stories of Sacrifice?
What Possessions Does Your Family Treasure?
What Hobbies Have Been Passed Down in Your Family?
What’s the Story Behind Your Name?
What Are Your Favorite Names?
How Have You Paid Tribute to Loved Ones?
What Do You Know About Your Family’s History?
Did Your Parents Have a Life Before They Had Kids?
What Family Traditions Do You Want to Carry On When You Get Older?
How Close Are You to Your Parents?
How Are You and Your Parents Alike and Different?
How Much Freedom Have Your Parents Given You?
How Permissive Are Your Parents?
Do You Have Helicopter Parents?
How Do Your Parents Teach You to Behave?
How Do You Make Parenting Difficult for Your Parents?
How Often Do You Fight With Your Parents?
What Advice Would You Give to Your Mom, Dad or Guardian on How to Be a Better Parent?
Is Your Family Stressed, Tired and Rushed?
Do Your Parents Try Too Hard to Be Cool?
Do You Ever Feel Embarrassed by Your Parents?
Do Your Parents Support Your Learning?
Do You Talk About Report Cards With Your Parents?
Do You Want Your Parents to Stop Asking You ‘How Was School?’
How Much Do Your Parents Help With Your Homework?
How Has Your Family Helped or Hindered Your Transition to a New School?
Have Your Parents and Teachers Given You Room to Create?
How Much Does Your Neighborhood Define Who You Are?
What’s Special About Your Hometown?
What Marketing Slogan Would You Use for Your Town or City?
What Would You Name Your Neighborhood?
Who Are the ‘Characters’ That Make Your Town Interesting?
Who Is the ‘Mayor’ of Your School or Neighborhood?
What Would a TV Show About Your Town Spoof?
What ‘Urban Legends’ Are There About Places in Your Area?
Do You Know Your Way Around Your City or Town?
How Well Do You Know Your Neighbors?
What Is Your Favorite Place?
What’s Your Favorite Neighborhood Joint?
What Is Your Favorite Street?
Do You Hang Out in the Park?
How Much Time Do You Spend in Nature?
What Small Things Have You Seen and Taken Note Of Today?
What Buildings Do You Love? What Buildings Do You Hate?
What Are the Sounds That Make Up the Background Noise in Your Life?
What Sounds Annoy You?
What Public Behavior Annoys You Most?
Have You Ever Interacted With the Police?
What Local Problems Do You Think Your Mayor Should Try to Solve?
What Ideas Do You Have for Enhancing Your Community?
Where Do You Think You Will Live When You Are an Adult?
Would You Most Want to Live in a City, a Suburb or the Country?
Is Your Bedroom a Nightmare?
What is Your Favorite Place in Your House?
How Important Is Keeping a Clean House?
Do You Need to De-Clutter Your Life?
Do You Plan on Saving Any of Your Belongings for the Future?
With Your Home in Danger, What Would You Try to Save?
What Would You Grab in a Fire?
What Would You Put in Your Emergency ‘Go-Bag’?
Who Lived Long Ago Where You Live Now?
What Would Your Dream Home Be Like?
Continue reading the main story
Related Article

What Was Your Most Precious Childhood Possession?
What Objects Tell the Story of Your Life?
What Do You Collect?
What Were Your Favorite Childhood Shows and Characters?
Do You Have Childhood Memories of Being Read Aloud To?
What Were Your Favorite Picture Books When You Were Little?
What Things Did You Create When You Were a Child?
What Places Do You Remember Fondly From Childhood?
What Food or Flavor Do You Remember Tasting for the First Time?
What Do You Wish You Could See, Hear, Read or Experience for the First Time All Over Again?
Have You Ever Felt Embarrassed by Things You Used to Like?
Do You Wish You Could Return to Moments From Your Past?
Was There a Toy You Wanted as a Child but Never Got?
What’s the Best Gift You’ve Ever Given or Received?
What’s the Most Memorable Thing You Ever Got in the Mail?
Have You Ever Lost (or Found) Something Valuable?
What Nicknames Have You Ever Gotten or Given?
What Are Your Best Sleepover Memories?
What Old, Worn Out Thing Can You Just Not Part With?
What Is Your Most Prized Possession?
What Have You Learned in Your Teens?
What Do You Remember Best About Being 12?
What Personal Achievements Make You Proud?
What Are Some Recent Moments of Happiness in Your Life?
What Rites of Passage Have You Participated In?
What Are You Grateful For?
What Advice Would You Give Younger Kids About Middle or High School?
What Have You Learned From Older People?
What Can Older People Learn From Your Generation?
What Do Older Generations Misunderstand About Yours?
Do You Recognize Yourself in Descriptions of ‘Generation Z’?
What Ethical Dilemmas Have You Faced?
Have You Ever Had to Make a Sacrifice to Help Someone You Care About?
Have You Ever Donated Your Time, Talents, Possessions or Money to Support Anyone in Need?
When Is the Last Time You Did Something Nice for a Stranger?
Have You Ever ‘Paid It Forward’?
How Trustworthy Are You?
How Comfortable Are You With Lying?
When Do You Lie?
Have You Ever Lied to Your Parents or Done Something Behind Their Backs?
If You Drink or Use Drugs, Do Your Parents Know?
Have You Ever Taken Something You Weren’t Supposed To?
Do You Ever Eavesdrop?
How Much Do You Gossip?
What Is the Role of Religion or Spirituality in Your Life?
How Important Is Your Spiritual Life?
Do You Believe That Everything Happens for a Reason?
How Much Control Do You Think You Have Over Your Fate?
Can You Be Good Without God?
Are You Less Religious Than Your Parents?
Can You Pass a Basic Religion Test?
What Can You Learn From Other Religions?
How Do Male and Female Roles Differ in Your Family?
Do Parents Have Different Hopes and Standards for Their Sons Than for Their Daughters?
How Do Your Parents Share the Responsibilities of Parenting?
Is There Too Much Pressure on Girls to Have ‘Perfect’ Bodies?
How Much Pressure Do Boys Face to Have the Perfect Body?
How Did You Learn About Sex?
What Experiences Have You Had With Gender Bias in School?
What Have Been Your Experiences With Catcalling or Other Kinds of Street Harassment?
What Does it Mean to Be ‘a Real Man’?
Do You Consider Yourself a Feminist?
What Does Feminism Mean to You?
Related Article
What Is Your Racial and Ethnic Identity?
Have You Ever Tried to Hide Your Racial or Ethnic Identity?
How Often Do You Interact With People of Another Race or Ethnicity?
Do You Ever Talk About Issues of Race and Class With Your Friends?
Is Your Generation Really ‘Postracial’?
What’s the Racial Makeup of Your School?
Does Your School Seem Integrated?
Have You Experienced Racism or Other Kinds of Discrimination in School?
What Are Your Attitudes Toward Money?
Are You a Saver or a Spender?
What Have Your Parents Taught You About Money?
Do You Expect Your Parents to Give You Money?
How Important a Role Has Money, Work or Social Class Played in Your Life?
Do You See Great Disparities of Wealth in Your Community?
Can Money Buy You Happiness?
What Are the Best Things in Life and Are They Free?
Are You Distracted by Technology?
Are You Distracted by Your Phone?
Are You ‘Addicted’ to Texting?
Do You Always Have Your Phone or Tablet at Your Side?
Do Screens Get in the Way of the Rest of Your Life?
Do You Experience FOMO When You Unplug?
Does Your Digital Life Have Side Effects?
Do You Spend Too Much Time on Smartphones Playing ‘Stupid Games’?
Do Apps Help You or Just Waste Your Time?
What Tech Tools Play the Biggest Role in Your Life?
What New Technologies or Tech Toys Are You Most Excited About?
To What Piece of Technology Would You Write a ‘Love Letter’?
Continue reading the main story
What’s So Great About YouTube?
What Has YouTube Taught You?
What Are Your Favorite Viral Videos?
What Are Your Favorite Internet Spoofs?
What Would You Teach the World in an Online Video?
Do You Ever Seek Advice on the Internet?
Would You Share an Embarrassing Story Online?
How Do You Know if What You Read Online Is True?
What Are Your Experiences With Internet-Based Urban Legends?
How Much Do You Trust Online Reviews?
How Do You Use Wikipedia?
How Careful Are You Online?
What Story Does Your Personal Data Tell?
Do You Worry About the Lack of Anonymity in the Digital Age?
Would You Mind if Your Parents Blogged About You?
Do You Wish You Had More Privacy Online?
Have You Ever Been Scammed?
Whom Would You Share Your Passwords With?
How Do You Use Facebook?
What Is Your Facebook Persona?
How Real Are You on Social Media?
What Memorable Experiences Have You Had on Facebook?
Does Facebook Ever Make You Feel Bad?
Would You Consider Deleting Your Facebook Account?
Do You Have ‘Instagram Envy’?
Do You Use Twitter?
Why Do You Share Photos?
How Do You Archive Your Life?
Have You Ever Posted, Emailed or Texted Something You Wish You Could Take Back?
Have You Ever Sent an Odd Message Because of Auto-Correct?
Would You Want Your Photo or Video to Go Viral?
Do You Worry Colleges or Employers Might Read Your Social Media Posts Someday?
What Advice Do You Have for Younger Kids About Navigating Social Media?
Related Article
What Are You Listening To?
What Songs Are on Your Favorite Playlist?
What Musicians or Bands Mean the Most to You?
What Music Inspires You?
Who in Your Life Introduces You to New Music?
How Much Is Your Taste in Music Based on What Your Friends Like?
What Role Does Hip-Hop Play in Your Life?
Which Pop Music Stars Fascinate You?
Who Is Your Favorite Pop Diva?
What’s Your Karaoke Song?
Which Artists Would You Like to See Team Up?
How Closely Do You Listen to Lyrics?
What Are Your Earliest Memories of Music?
What Are the Best Things You’ve Watched, Read, Heard or Played This Year?
What Are Your TV Habits?
Do Your Television Viewing Habits Include ‘Binge-Watching’?
What Role Does Television Play in Your Life and the Life of Your Family?
What Television Shows Have Mattered to You?
How Often Do You Watch a Television Show When It Originally Airs?
Have You Fallen Into ‘Friends’ or Any Other Older Television Shows?
What Old Television Shows Would You Bring Back?
Why Do We Like Reality Shows So Much?
What Ideas Do You Have for a Reality Show?
What Reality TV Show Would You Want to Be a Guest Star On?
What Are Your Favorite Cartoons?
What Are Your Favorite Commercials?
How Much Are You Influenced by Advertising?
What Are Your Favorite Movies Ever?
What Were the Best Movies You Saw in the Past Year?
What Movies Do You Watch, or Reference, Over and Over?
What Movies, Shows or Books Do You Wish Had Sequels, Spinoffs or New Episodes?
Do You Like Horror Movies?
What Is Your Favorite Comedy?
Who Are Your Favorite Movie Stars?
Would You Pay Extra for a 3-D Movie?
Where, and How, Do You Watch Movies?
What Are the Best Live Theatrical Performances You’ve Ever Seen?
Have You Ever Stumbled Upon a Cool Public Performance?
What Are Your Favorite Video Games?
What Have You Learned Playing Video Games?
Do You Play Violent Video Games?
When Should You Feel Guilty for Killing Zombies?
Who Are Your Opponents in Online Gaming?
Do You Like Watching Other People Play Video Games?
How Excited Are You About the Possibilities of Virtual Reality?
Read Any Good Books Lately?
What Are the Best Books You’ve Read This Year?
What Are Your Favorite Books and Authors?
What Are Your Favorite Young Adult Novels?
Do You Read for Pleasure?
What Memorable Poetry Have You Ever Read or Heard?
What Magazines Do You Read, and How Do You Read Them?
Do You Enjoy Reading Tabloid Gossip?
When Have You Seen Yourself and Your Life Reflected in a Book or Other Media?
Has a Book, Movie, Television Show, Song or Video Game Ever Inspired You to Do Something New?
Do You Prefer Your Children’s Book Characters Obedient or Contrary?
Do You Read E-Books?
Would You Trade Your Paper Books for Digital Versions?
To What Writer Would You Award a Prize?
Why Do You Write?
Are You a Good Storyteller?
What’s Your Favorite Joke?
Do You Keep a Diary or Journal?
Do You Have a Blog?
Do You Want to Write a Book?
When Do You Write by Hand?
Do You Write in Cursive?
Do You Write in Your Books?
What ‘Mundane Moments’ From Your Life Might Make Great Essay Material?
What Is Your Most Memorable Writing Assignment?
Do You Ever Write About Challenges You Face in Life?
Continue reading the main story
What’s the Coolest Thing You’ve Ever Seen in a Museum?
What Are the Most Memorable Works of Visual Art You Have Seen?
What Are Your Favorite Works of Art?
How Important Is Arts Education?
What Has Arts Education Done For You?
What Words Do You Hate?
What Words or Phrases Do You Think Are Overused?
How Much Slang Do You Use? What Are Your Favorite Words?
What Current Slang Words and Expressions Do You Think Will Endure?
Why Do So Many People Say ‘Like’ and ‘Totally’ All the Time?
Do You Say ‘Kind of, Sort of’ More Than You Realize?
How Much Do You Curse?
How Good Are You at Coming Up With Witty Comebacks?
When Did You Last Have a Great Conversation?
How Often Do You Have ‘Deep Discussions’?
Do You Wish Your Conversations Were Less Small Talk and More ‘Big Talk’?
When Do You Choose Making a Phone Call Over Sending a Text?
How Much Information Is ‘Too Much Information’?
Do You Sometimes ‘Hide’ Behind Irony?
How Good Is Your Grammar?
Do You Speak a Second, or Third, Language?
When Do You Remember Learning a New Word?
What Does Your Body Language Communicate?
Do You Like School?
Are You Stressed About School?
Are High School Students Being Worked Too Hard?
What Are You Really Learning at School?
What Are You Looking Forward To, or Dreading, This School Year?
Would You Want to Be Home-Schooled?
Would You Like to Take a Class Online?
Would You Rather Attend a Public or a Private High School?
How Much Does It Matter to You Which High School You Attend?
How Would You Grade Your School?
What Can Other Schools Learn — and Copy — From Your School?
What Would You Miss if You Left Your School?
Is Your School Day Too Short?
What Do You Hope to Get Out of High School?
Related Article
Do You Have Too Much Homework?
Does Your Homework Help You Learn?
Do You Participate in Class?
What Is Your Best Subject?
What’s the Most Challenging Assignment You’ve Ever Had?
What Memorable Experiences Have You Had in Learning Science or Math?
Are You Afraid of Math?
Do We Need a Better Way to Teach Math?
What Are the Best Ways to Learn About History?
How Would You Do on a Civics Test?
Does Your School Offer Enough Opportunities to Learn Computer Programming?
Does Your School Value Students’ Digital Skills?
Do You Know How to Code? Would You Like to Learn?
What Career or Technical Classes Do You Wish Your School Offered?
What Was Your Favorite Field Trip?
What Are Your Best Tips for Studying?
Do You Use Study Guides?
Is Everything You’ve Been Taught About Study Habits Wrong?
What Would You Like to Have Memorized?
How Well Do You Think Standardized Tests Measure Your Abilities?
Do Your Test Scores Reflect How Good Your Teachers Are?
What Do You Wish Your Teachers Knew About You?
When Has a Teacher Inspired You?
What Teacher Would You Like to Thank?
What Makes a Good Teacher?
Have You Ever Been Humiliated by a Teacher? How Did it Affect You?
Have Your Teachers or Textbooks Ever Gotten It Wrong?
Do Your Teachers Use Technology Well?
Do You Have a Tutor?
How Do You Feel About Proms?
Do You Want to Be ‘Promposed’ To?
Is Prom Worth It?
What Role Do School Clubs and Teams Play in Your Life?
How Big a Problem Is Bullying or Cyberbullying in Your School or Community?
Would You Ever Go Through Hazing to Be Part of a Group?
Is Your School a ‘Party School’?
Have You Been To Parties That Have Gotten Out of Control?
How Common Is Drug Use in Your School?
Can Students at Your School Talk Openly About Their Mental Health Issues?
How Does Your School Deal With Students Who Misbehave?
Do You Know People Who Cheat on High-Stakes Tests?
How Much Does Your Life in School Intersect With Your Life Outside School?
Do You Ever ‘Mix It Up’ and Socialize With Different People at School?
What Fads Are You and Your Friends Into Right Now?
Where Do You Want to Go to College?
What Are Your Sources for Information About Colleges and Universities?
What Role Has Community College Played in Your Life or the Life of Someone You Know?
Is College Overrated?
How Much Do You Worry About Taking the SAT or ACT?
What Personal Essay Topic Would You Assign to College Applicants?
What Qualities Would You Look For in a College Roommate?
Would You Want to Take a Gap Year After High School?
What Makes a Graduation Ceremony Memorable?
What Do You Want to Be When You Grow Up?
Do You Have a Life Calling?
What’s Your Dream Job?
What Are Your Longtime Interests or Passions?
Do You Think You Will Have a Career That You Love?
What Do You Want More From a Career: Happiness or Wealth?
What Investment Are You Willing to Make to Get Your Dream Job?
Would You Consider a Nontraditional Occupation?
Would You Rather Work From Home or in an Office?
Would You Want to Be a Teacher?
What Hidden Talents Might You Have?
What ‘Back-to-the-Land’ Skills Do You Have, or Wish You Had?
What Skill Could You Teach in Two Minutes?
What Have You Made Yourself?
Do You Have an Idea for a Business or App?
What Would You Create if You Had Funding?
How Did You Start Doing Something You Love?
Did You Ever Take a Break From Doing Something You Love?
What Have You Done to Earn Money?
Do You Have a Job?
Would You Quit if Your Values Did Not Match Your Employer’s?
What Do You Hope to Be Doing the Year After You Graduate From College?
Where Do You See Yourself in 10 Years?
Continue reading the main story
Related Article
Do You Have a Best Friend?
How Often Do You Spend One-on-One Time With Your Closest Friends?
How Do You Feel About Introducing Friends from Different Parts of Your Life?
Do You Find It Easier to Make New Friends Online or In Person?
How Good a Friend Are You?
How Have You Helped a Friend in a Time of Need?
Do You Like Your Friends?
Is Competitiveness an Obstacle to Making or Keeping Friendships?
How Should You Handle the End of a Friendship?
Have You Ever Felt Left Out?
Have You Ever Been in Love?
What Are the Most Meaningful Relationships in Your Life?
What Advice Would You Give to Somebody Who Just Started Dating?
Are You Allowed to Date?
Is Dating a Thing of the Past?
Is Hookup Culture Leaving Your Generation Unhappy and Unprepared for Love?
What Are the Basic ‘Rules’ for Handling Breakups?
What’s the Best Way to Get Over a Breakup?
What Are Your Beliefs About Marriage?
What’s the Most Impressive Sports Moment You’ve Seen?
Who Are Your Sports Heroes?
What Sports Teams Do You Root For?
Does Being a Fan Help Define Who You Are?
How Far Would You Go to Express Loyalty to Your Favorite Teams?
Are You a Fair-Weather Fan?
When Has a Sports Team Most Disappointed You?
Do You Watch the Super Bowl?
What Fan Memorabilia Would You Pay Big Bucks For?
What Extreme Sports Interest You Most?
Why Do You Play Sports?
What Rules Would You Like to See Changed in Your Favorite Sports?
Do You Enjoy Playing Games or Solving Puzzles?
What Are Your Favorite Board Games?
What Are Your Favorite Games?
What Game Would You Like to Redesign?
Where in the World Would You Most Like to Travel?
What Is Your Fantasy Vacation?
What Would Your Fantasy Road Trip Be Like?
What Crazy Adventure Would You Want to Take?
What Local ‘Microadventures’ Would You Like to Go On?
What’s Your Perfect Family Vacation?
How Has Travel Affected You?
What Kind of Tourist Are You?
What Are the Best Souvenirs You’ve Ever Collected While Traveling?
What Famous Landmarks Have You Visited?
What’s the Coolest Thing You’ve Ever Seen in Nature?
How Much Do You Know About the Rest of the World?
Would You Like to Live in Another Country?
Would You Want to Be a Space Tourist?
If You Could Time-Travel, Where Would You Go?
What Is Your All-Time Favorite Piece of Clothing?
Do You Have a Signature Clothing Item?
What’s Your Favorite T-Shirt?
Do You Care What You Wear?
Does What You Wear Say Anything About You as a Person?
What Does Your Hairstyle Say About You?
What’s on Your Fashion Shopping List?
How Far Would You Go for Fashion?
What Are the Hot Fashion Trends at Your School Right Now?
What Current Trends Annoy You?
Would You Ever Consider Getting a Tattoo?
What Are Your Opinions on Cosmetic Surgery?
Do Photoshopped Images Make You Feel Bad About Your Own Looks?
Have You Inherited Your Parents’ Attitudes Toward Their Looks?
Has Anyone Ever Said That You Look Like Someone Famous?
Related Article
Do You Like to Exercise?
Do You Get Enough Exercise?
How Has Exercise Changed Your Health, Your Body or Your Life?
How Much Do You Think About Your Weight?
How Often Do You Engage in ‘Fat Talk’?
Do You Pay Attention to Calorie Counts for Food?
Do You Pay Attention to Nutrition Labels on Food?
How Concerned Are You About Where Your Food Comes From?
Are Your Eating Habits Healthy?
Do You Eat Too Quickly?
What Are Your ‘Food Rules’?
What Are Your Healthy Habits?
What Health Tips Have Worked for You?
What Rules Do You Have for Staying Healthy?
How Careful Are You in the Sun?
What Are Your Sleep Habits?
How Much of a Priority Do You Make Sleep?
Do You Get Enough Sleep?
What Are the Most Memorable Meals You’ve Ever Had?
What’s Your Favorite Holiday Food Memory?
What’s Your Comfort Food?
What Are Your Favorite Junk Foods?
What’s Your Favorite Candy?
What’s Your Favorite Sandwich?
Do You Prefer Your Tacos ‘Authentic’ or ‘Appropriated’?
What Food Would You Like to Judge in a Taste-Off?
Do You Cook?
What Would You Most Like to Learn to Cook or Bake?
What Messages About Food and Eating Have You Learned From Your Family?
How Often Does Your Family Eat Together?
What Are Your Favorite Restaurants?
What Restaurant Would You Most Like to Review?
What Do You Eat During the School Day?
Do You Eat Cafeteria Food?
Is School Lunch Really All That Bad?
How Do You Celebrate Your Birthday?
Will You Be Wearing a Halloween Costume This Year?
Do You Like Scary Movies and Books?
Do You Believe in Ghosts?
What Are Your Thanksgiving Traditions?
What Do You Look Forward to Most – and Least – During the Holiday Season?
What Are Your Tips for Enjoying the Holiday Season?
How Will You Spend the Holiday Break?
What Does Santa Claus Mean to You?
Do You Look Forward to New Year’s Eve?
Do You Make New Year’s Resolutions?
How Do You Fight the Winter Blues?
What Would You Do on a Snow Day?
What Are Your Experiences With Severe Weather?
How Do You Feel About Valentine’s Day?
How Do You Celebrate Spring?
What Would Your Fantasy Spring Break Be Like?
What Are You Looking Forward to This Summer?
What Would Your Ideal Summer Camp Be Like?
What Are Your Favorite Summer Hangouts?
What’s Your Favorite Summer Food?
What Is Your Favorite Summer Movie?
What’s on Your Summer Reading List?
Do You Have a Summer Job?
Do You Choose Summer Activities to Look Good on Applications?
What Are the Best Things You Did This Summer?
How Do You Prepare to Go Back to School?
How Can People Make the Most of Long Holiday Weekends?
What’s Your Sunday Routine?
Continue reading the main story
What’s Your Favorite Store?
To What Company Would You Write a Letter of Complaint or Admiration?
To What Business Would You Like to Give Advice?
Do You Ever Hang Out at the Mall?
How Would You Make Over Your Mall?
Do You Shop at Locally Owned Businesses?
What Are the Best Things You’ve Acquired Secondhand?
How Important Is It to Have a Driver’s License?
Are You a Good Driver?
Do You Have a Dream Car?
Would You Like to Ride in a Car That Drives Itself?
Related Article
What Are the Animals in Your Life?
What’s Your Relationship Like With Your Pet?
How Well Do You Know Your Pet?
What Are Your Thoughts on Cats?
Would You Want to Hang Out at a Cat Cafe?
Why Do We Love Watching Animal Videos So Much?
What Are Your Most Memorable Stories About Wildlife?
How Do You Feel About Zoos?
How Green Are You?
How Do You Try to Reduce Your Impact on the Environment?
Do You Ever Feel Guilty About What, or How Much, You Throw Away?
How Much Food Does Your Family Waste?
What Could You Live Without?
How Do You Celebrate Earth Day?
How Would You Like to Help Our World?
What Cause Would Get You Into the Streets?
Have Your Ever Taken Part in a Protest?
What Would You Risk Your Life For?
When Have You Spoken Out About Something You Felt Had to Change?
What Would You Invent to Make the World a Better Place?
Given Unlimited Resources, What Scientific or Medical Problem Would You Investigate?
What Organizations Do You Think People Should Give to This Holiday Season?
Do You Trust Your Government?
When You Are Old Enough to Vote, Will You?
Do You Consider Yourself a Republican, Democrat or Independent?
What Event in the Past Do You Wish You Could Have Witnessed?
What Are the Most Important Changes, in Your Life and in the World, in the Last Decade?
What National or International Events That You Lived Through Do You Remember Best?
Why Should We Care About Events in Other Parts of the World?
What News Stories Are You Following?
How Do You Get Your News?
Is Your Online World Just a ‘Filter Bubble’ of People With the Same Opinions?
Do Your Friends on Social Media All Have the Same Political Opinions You Do?
What Would You Do if You Won the Lottery?
What Superpower Do You Wish You Had?
What Era Do You Wish You Had Lived In?
Would You Want to Be a Tween or Teen Star?
Would You Want to Be a Child Prodigy?
Would You Want to Grow Up in the Public Eye?
What Kind of Robot Would You Want?
What Would You Outsource if You Could?
What Would You Like to Learn on Your Own?
What Would You Be Willing to Wait in a Really Long Line For?
If You Were a Super Rich Philanthropist, What Causes Would You Support?
What Would You Do if You Were President?
What Famous Person Would You Like to Visit Your School?
Who Would Be the Ideal Celebrity Neighbor?
What Do You Want to Be Doing When You’re 80?
Do You Want to Live to 100?
What Do You Want Your Obituary to Say?
What’s the weather outside your window doing right now? If that’s not inspiring, what’s the weather like somewhere you wish you could be?
How do you feel when you love someone who does not love you back?
Write about a ship or other vehicle that can take you somewhere different from where you are now.
Who’s dancing and why are they tapping those toes?
What’s for breakfast? Dinner? Lunch? Or maybe you could write a poem about that time you met a friend at a cafe.
Write about two people seeing each other for the first time.
The Rocket-ship: Write about a rocket-ship on it’s way to the moon or a distant galaxy far, far, away.
Dream-catcher: Write something inspired by a recent dream you had.
Choose an animal. Write about it!
Write about being friends with someone.
Envision a dragon. Do you battle him? Or is the dragon friendly? Use descriptive language.
Write a story or poem that starts with the word “hello”.
Write a poem using words from a famous letter or a letter from your own collection.
Read a book and circle some words on a page. Use those words to craft a poem. Alternatively you can  cut out words and phrases from magazines.
Create a poem, short story, or journal entry about a conversation you’ve overheard.
Everyone’s addicted to something in some shape or form. What are things you can’t go without?
Open up a dictionary to a random word. Define what that word means to you.
Hey, even writers and creative artists have to do housework sometimes. Write about doing laundry, dishes, and other cleaning activities.
Write  about someone you admire and you thought to have had a beautiful mind.
If you go to Craigslist, there is a “Missed Connections” section where you can find some interesting story lines to inspire your writing.
Write a poem or short story about someone who has lost or is about to lose their home.
Smoke, Fog, and Haze: Write about not being able to see ahead of you.
Write something so sweet, it makes your teeth hurt.
Write a poem or journal entry about numbers that have special meaning to you.
Write about doing something you don’t want to do.
What scares you a little? What do you feel when scared? How do you react?
What’s behind the door? Why is it closed?
Imagine you are someone’s shadow for a day.
What makes you smile? What makes you happy?
Write about your shopping wishlist and how you like to spend money.
Write about a teacher that has influenced you.
Take any poem or short story you find anywhere. Rewrite it in your own words.
Write about a piece of jewelry. Who does it belong to?
Sit outside for about an hour. Write down the sounds you hear.
Write about a recent conflict.
Write a poem or some phrases that would make for good wall art in your home.
Write about putting together the pieces of puzzles.
Fire-starters: Write about building a fire.
Coffee & Tea: Surely you drink one or the other or know someone who does- write about it!
Write about someone getting their driver’s license for the first time.
What You Don’t Know: Write about a secret you’ve kept from someone else or how you feel when you know someone is keeping a secret from you.
Write about being inside an old abandoned warehouse.
Write about staying quiet when you feel like shouting.
Write about being insulted.
Mirror, Mirror: What if you mirror started talking to you?
Write a poem about getting covered in mud.
Write about coming out of the dark and seeing the light.
Take inspiration from a night sky.
What did the wall say to the other wall? Meet ya at the corner! Hahaha.
Write about the power you felt when you told someone no.
Sunrise/Sunset: It goes round and round.
What’s it look like? How do you get there?
Tear-Jerker: Watch a movie that makes you cry. Write a poem about that scene in the movie.
Write a poem or short story about a diary entry you’ve read or imagined.
The first time you held someone’s hand.
Write a story or journal entry influenced by a photograph.
Write about waking up.
Write a poem or journal entry inspired by what you can’t see
Write a poem about a time you really 
felt refreshed and renewed. Maybe it was a dip into a pool on a hot summer day, a drink of lemonade, or other situation that helped you relax and start again.
Write about a very fragile or delicate object.
Write about a time when you got stuck in between two parties fighting with each other.
Write about making mistakes.
Write about flavors and tastes or a favorite spice of yours.
Take a popular song off the radio and rewrite it as a poem in your own words.
Write about a phone call you recently received.
Write a poem or short story using your name in some way or form.
Write a poem or short story from the viewpoint of someone living in a doll house.
Go to Wikipedia and click on Random Article. Write about whatever the page you get.
Write about an extreme or silly sport. If none inspire you, make up the rules for your own game.
Write about a favorite recipe, or create a poem that is a recipe for something abstact, such as a feeling.
Choose a famous painting and write about it.
Think of a place you went to when you were younger but it now no longer there or is 
something else. Capture your feelings about this in your writing.
Write a quick little poem or story about the last person you spoke with.
Caught Red-Handed: Write about being caught doing something embarrassing.
Write a list of questions you have for someone you would like to interview, real or fictional.
Write about someone you miss dearly.
Pick a state or country you’ve never visited. Write about why you would or would not like to visit that place.
Use the shuffle feature on your MP3
player or go to a site like 8tracks.com or Songza.com and pick a 
playlist. Write something inspired by the first song you hear.
Write a tribute to someone you regard as a hero.
Go people watching and write an ode to a stranger you see on the street
Think of your favorite book. Now write a poem that sums up the entire story in 10 lines.
Imagine you have a touch of magic, and can make impossible things happen. What would you do?
Get out your favorite pen, pencils, or even colored markers and write using them!
Write about your daily habits and routine.
Write about your muse – what does he or she look like? What does your muse do to inspire you?
Write about an experience you’ve had at a gas station or convenience store.
Choose one of the natural wonders of the world. Write about it.
Write a poem using 
the words from your latest status update or a friend’s status update. If
you don’t use Facebook or Twitter, you can often search online for some funny ones to use as inspiration.
Write about growing something.
Write about an object that’s been passed through the generations in your family.
Write about insects.
Write about a magic potion. What is it made of? What does it do? What is the antidote?
Swinging & Sliding: Write something inspired by a playground or treehouse.
Make a list of the first 5 adjectives that pop into your head. Use these 5 words in your story, poem, or journal entry.
Rewrite a fairy tale. Give it a new ending or make it modern or write as a poem.
Write about someone who has to whisper a secret to someone else.
Write a poem about the things that make you smile.
Write about your favorite season.
What does normal mean to you? Is it good or bad to be normal?
Take something you’ve written in the past and rewrite it into a completely different piece.
Write about a fashion model or what’s currently in your closet or drawers.
Write something with 
a secret message hidden in between the words. For example, you 
could make an acrostic poem using the last letters of the word or use 
secret code words in the poem.
Write about a vacation you took.
Write about being overheated and sweltering.
Write a magic spell.
Write about doing a puzzle – jigsaw, crossword, suduko, etc.
Everyone takes a risk at some point in their life. Write about a time when you took a chance and what the result was.
Write a poem or story or journal entry inspired by a carnival or street fair.
Write about someone who grew up in the country visiting the city for the first time.
Questions: Write about questions you have for the universe. Optional: include an answer key.
Write about moving quickly and doing things fast.
Use a photo of a staircase or the stairs in your home or a building you love to inspire you.
Make up a story or poem about your next door neighbor.
Write about a time you’ve been physically hurt.
Choose a saint and create a poem about his or her life.
What’s not to write about the beach?
What kind of shoes do you wear? Where do they lead your feet?
Write a poem to someone who is estranged from you.
Write in the first person point of view.
Think of the life of a stray cat or dog and write about that.
Create a poem or story about something you could watch forever.
Describe where you sleep each night.
Do they inspire you or do you not like the noise and commotion? Write about it.
Write about a moment in your life you wish you could freeze and preserve.
Do you like to be alone or do you like having company?
Know-it-all: Write about something you are very knowledgeable about, for example a favorite hobby or passion of yours.
Write about a promise you’ve made to someone. Did you keep that promise?
Write about being overstimulated by a lot of chaos.
Construct a poem or story using a news headline for your first line.
Write a description of an object close-up.
Write about taking your favorite (or least-favorite) form of transportation.
If you could invent a gadget, what would it do? Are there any gadgets that make your life easier?
Bring on the Cheese: Write a tacky love poem that is so cheesy, it belongs on top of a pizza.
Write a story or poem that uses ladders as a symbol.
There is a bizarre holiday for
any date! Look up a holiday for today’s date and create a poem in 
greeting card fashion or write a short story about the holiday to celebrate.
Blog-o-sphere: Visit your favorite blog or your feedreader and craft a story, journal entry, or poem based on the latest blog post you read.
Create a poem, short story, or journal entry based on a recent item of mail you’ve received.
Write about sharing something with someone else.
Write from the viewpoint of a cactus – what’s it like to live in the dessert or have a “prickly personality”?
It’s a Sign: Have you seen any interesting road signs lately?
Write about a piece of furniture in your home.
Write about a time you failed at something. Did you try again or give up completely?
Angels or other mystical creatures – use them as inspiration.
Write about having wings and what you would do.
Write a poem about being able to see-through something.
Record yourself speaking, then write down what you spoke and revise into a short story or poem.
Listen to music with a strong rhythm or 
listen to drum loops. Write something that goes along with the beat you feel and hear.
Search online for color palettes and be inspired to write by one you resonate with.
Randomly flip to a page in a magazine and write using the first few words you see as an opening line.
Write about switching the place with someone or going to where it seems the “grass is greener”.
Mind & Body: Write something that would motivate others to workout and exercise.
Write something that makes a shape on the page…ie: a circle, a heart, a square, etc.
Twenty-One: Write about your 21st birthday.
Write about scents you just absolutely love.
Swish, Buzz, Pop: Create a poem that uses Onomatopoeia.
What Time is It? Write about the time of day it is right now. What are people doing? What do you usually do at this time each day?
Have you ever gone to a party you didn’t want to leave? Or do you hate parties? Write about it!
Miss Manners: Write using the words “please” and “thank you”.
Choose a common cliche, then write something that says the same thing but without using the catch phrase.
Eco-friendly: Write about going green or an environmental concern you have.
Write about someone you miss.
Think of a time when you had to let someone or something go to be free…did they come back?
Left Out: Write about a time when you’ve felt left out or you’ve noticed someone else feeling as if they didn’t belong.
Write about packing for a trip or unpacking from when you arrive home.
Write about fairies, gnomes, elves, or other mythical creatures.
Write about giving and receiving.
Baker’s Dozen: Imagine the scents and sights of a bakery and write.
Write about your own secret treehouse hideaway.
Write about taking a gamble on something.
Choose a word and write an acrostic poem where every line starts with a letter from the word.
Open up the newspaper or find a crossword puzzle online and choose one of the clues to use as inspiration for your writing.
Write about the good that happens in a bad situation.
Write about a pair of gloves – what kind of gloves are they? Who wears them and why?
Write about a shiny object.
Write with a theme of envy and jealousy.
How Does Your Garden Grow? Write about a flower that grows in an unusual place.
Write a short story or poem that takes place in a courtroom.
Write about a gift you have given or received.
Write about running away from someone or something.
Think of something you’ve recently discovered and use it as inspiration.
Write about your complaints about something.
Write a poem or journal entry that is all about things you are thankful for.
Choose an element and write a poem or story that uses that word in one of the lines.
Write about giving someone a standing ovation.
Old Endings Into New Beginnings: Take an old poem, story, or journal entry of yours and use the last line and make it the first line of your writing today.
Write  about something you very much want to do.
Write a motivational poem or journal entry about positive traits that make you who you are.
What is at the end of a rainbow?
Take some time to visit a nearby museum with your journal. Write about one of the pieces that speaks to you.
Think of your favorite cartoon or comic. Write a poem or story that takes place in that setting.
Borrow a line from a famous public domain poem to craft your own.
From the Roof-tops: Imagine you could stand on a rooftop and broadcast a message to everyone below – what would you say?
If there was a time period you could visit for a day, where would you go? Write about traveling back in time to that day.
Imagine living the day as someone else.
Write about your favorite place in your neighborhood to visit and hang out at.
Write about a pirate ship.
Write based on a recent interview you’ve read or seen on TV or heard on the radio.
Hiding Spaces: Write about places you like to hide things at. What was a favorite hiding spot for you as a child playing hide-and-seek?
Imagine how life might be 
different if you could change your hair color or clothing into something
completely opposite from your current style.
Write about your feelings of empathy or compassion for another person.
Write a poem or story that ties in together two opposites.
Write about being bored or make a list of different ways to entertain yourself.
Think of a time when you’ve been physically or emotionally strong and use that as inspiration.
Write from the perspective of someone with no money to buy food.
Write about someone who always wants more – whether it be money, power, etc. etc.
Write about an eruption of a volcano.
Go to Vimeo.com or 
YouTube.com and watch one of the videos featured on the homepage. 
Write something inspired by what you see.
Write about things that make you sneeze.
Write about the possibility of life in outer-space.
Star-crossed: Write a short modern version of 
the story of Romeo and Juliet or think of real-life examples to use as 
inspiration for your writing.
Font-tastic: Choose a unique font and type out a poem using that font.
Take a look at your calendar and use the schedule for inspiration in writing.
Write about a moment in your grandparent’s life.
Go through a magazine and cut out 
words that grab your attention. Use these words to construct a poem or 
as a story starter or inspiration for your journal.
Write a poem about what you do when you are alone – do you feel lonely or do you enjoy your own company?
Think of a waterfall you’ve seen in 
person or spend some time browsing photos of waterfalls online. Write 
about the movement, flow, and energy.
Write about your first kiss.
Write about an ironic situation you’ve been in throughout your life.
Write a limerick today.
Write about an experience at the grocery store.
Go through a fashion magazine or browse fashion websites online and write about a style you love.
Write about coming close to reaching a goal.
Write a poem or short story that takes place at a bar.
Write an ode to someone online you’ve met and become friends with.
Is there someone you admire? Write about those feelings.
Write from the perspective of a garbage collector.
Open your mailbox and write something inspired by one of the pieces of mail you received.
Fresh & Clean: Write about how you feel after you take a shower.
Write about how you feel when you’re either at a high or low energy level for the day.
Rhyme & No Reason: Make up a silly rhyming poem using made up words.
Use computers or a conversation with tech support you’ve had as inspiration.
Write from the perspective of someone who works at a hotel or staying at a hotel.
Write about sea creatures, and under water life.
Take a few minutes to do some deep 
breathing relaxation techniques. Once your mind is clear, just write the
first few things that you think of.
Liar, Liar: Make up a poem or story of complete lies about yourself or someone else.
Look at the recent obituaries online or in the newspaper and imagine the life of someone and write about that person.
Rummage through your pockets and write about what you keep or find in your pockets.
Write a cinquain poem.
Write a poem that has every letter of the alphabet in it.
Comedy Club: Write something inspired by a comedian.
Write about someone who is unfaithful.
Give a try to writing a sestina poem.
Write about witnessing two people get in an argument with each other.
Visit your favorite Social 
Networking website (ie: Facebook, Pinterest, Google, Twitter, etc.) and 
write a about a post you see there.
Write about something peaceful and serene.
Go cloud watching for the day and write about what you imagine in the clouds.
Take some time to sit on a park bench and write about the sights, scenes, and senses and emotions you experience.
Write a sonnet today.
Should, Would, And Could: Write a poem or story using the words should, would, and could.
Write a poem that gives directions on how to do something.
Use alliteration in your poem or in a sentence in a story.
Write about playing a card game.
Set a timer for 5 minutes and just write. Don’t worry about it making sense or being perfect.
Write about a dancer or a time you remember dancing.
Write for a Cause: Write a poem or essay that raises awareness for a cause you support.
Write about a magician or magic trick.
Imagine finding a box. Write about opening it and what’s inside.
What is something has impacted you positively in your life?
Write from the perspective a forgotten or lost toy.
Write about a rock or gemstone meaning.
Imagine you can fast forward and rewind your life with a remote control.
Think of objects, animals, etc. that have symbolic meaning to you. Write about it.
Write about a time when you saw hope when it seemed like a hopeless situation.
Write inspired by the saying “where there’s smoke, there’s fire”.
Write about a train and its cargo or passengers.
Write about words you imagine on an office clipboard.
Write about being stranded somewhere – an island, a bus stop, etc.
Use a popular quote from a speaker and use it as inspiration for your writing.
Create a mind map of words, 
phrases, and ideas that pop into your head or spend some time browsing 
the many mind maps online. Write a poem, story, or journal entry 
inspired by the mind map.
Write about repeating patterns that occur in life.
Write about finding a scrapbook and the memories it contains.
Write about finding a cure for an illness.
Read your email today and look for subject lines that may be good starters for writing inspiration.
Write about a wish you have.
Spend some time today doodling for 
about 5-10 minutes. Write about the thoughts you had while doodling or 
inspired by your finished doodle.
Imagine you are in a classroom. What does it say on the chalkboard?
Imagine a situation that’s very sticky (ie: maple syrup or tape or glue) – and write about it.
Imagine going somewhere very dark with only a flashlight to guide you.
Envision yourself traveling to a fictional place, what do you experience in your imaginary journey?
Write about being in a country or rural setting.
Write about a promise you want to make to yourself and keep.
Write a poem that is about a brick wall – whether literally or figuratively.
Write about a time when you had to make a difficult choice.
Write about a time when you’ve had to repeat yourself or a time when it felt like no one was listening.
Write about someone who is not accepted by their peers. (for example, the Ugly Ducking)
Write about a scary (or not-so-scary) monster in your closet or under the bed.
Write about something you’ve sacrificed doing to do something else or help another person.
Create a poem that highlights the beauty in being flawed.
Write a poem inspired by birthdays.
Make a list of potential poem or story titles and choose one to write from.
Write about going on a job interview.
Write a poem that will help someone who is sick feel better quick!
Write about feeling lost in the crowd.
Write about health.
Write about craving something.
Research some common phobias, choose one, and write about it.
Write about living in the present moment.
Write about walking down a sidewalk and what you see and experience.
Write about the stars in the sky and what they mean to you.
Write about an old house that is abandoned or being renovated.
Is there a cluttered spot in your 
home? Go through some of that clutter today and write about what you 
find or the process of organizing.
Write about flying a kite.
Flip to a random TV channel and write about the first thing that comes on – even if it’s an infomercial!
Write a poem that is an ode to a fruit.
Write about a couple that is separated by distance.
Write about a pair of eyeglasses or someone wearing glasses.
Write about a robot.
Write about something you think is just adorable.
Use a memorable conversation from a favorite movie to inspire your writing.
Easy-Peasy: Write  about doing something effortlessly.
Choose from a list of idioms one that 
speaks to you and create a poem around that saying or phrase. 
It’s raining cats and dogs
Whether it’s the swings or the sandbox or the sliding boards, write about your memories of being on a playground.
Write about romantic things partners can do for each other.
Imagine you are a famous rock star. Write about the experience.
Imagine ordinary objects have come to life. Write about what they do and say.
Write about meeting someone on an airplane and a conversation you might have.
Health & Beauty: Take some time to peruse 
your medicine cabinet or the health and beauty aisles at a local store. 
Write a poem, short story, or journal entry inspired by a product label.
Write about not giving up.
Listen to some instrumental music and write a poem that matches the mood, beat, and style of the music.
Write about having to wait in line.
Do you know your personality 
type? (There are many free quizzes online) – write about what type of 
personality traits you have.
Choose a favorite decade and write about it. (IE: 1980’s or 1950’s for example)
Write your personal credo of things you believe in.
Write about a lost object.
Write a poem or story that uses dialogue between two people.
Write about a letter that never made it to its recipient.
Write a poem about the story that is told through someone’s eyes.
Write about something you learned the hard way.
Write about where you like to go to escape from it all.
Write something inspired a favorite recipe.
Go through your file box and pull out old receipts or records…write something inspired by what you find!
Write about visiting the bank.
Write about trying to convince someone of something.
Write about something that happened by chance in a positive way.
Write about how it feels when you can’t focus.
Write about big business.
Go to a website that has a word of the day and use it in a poem, story or journal entry you write.
What do you do when you need a pick me up?
Write about a project you started but never completed.
Write about a time when someone forgave you or you forgave someone.
Write about your greatest weakness.
Write about starting a project.
Think of gears, moving parts, machines.
Write about a random 
act of kindness you’ve done for someone or someone has done for you, no 
matter how small or insignificant it may have seemed.
Imagine living in a home underground and use that as inspiration for writing.
Pick a classic rock love ballad and rewrite it into a story or poem with a similar theme.
Write about staying up late at night.
Write about attraction to something or someone.
Write about working with a team towards a common goal.
Roller-coaster: Write about the ups and downs in life.
Look at some motivational posters online and write a poem or journal entry inspired by your favorite one.
Write about the games people play – figuratively or literally.
Write about a point in life where things turned for the better or worse.
Write about a witch’s spell.
Write about the anniversary of a special date.
Be inspired by a casino or lottery ticket.
Write about going on a picnic.
Write about some random item you might find in a garage.
Review your week, month, or year in a journal entry or poem format.
Write about a detective searching for clues or solving a mystery.
Take your camera for a walk and write based on one of the photographs you take.
Write about visiting a family member or friend.
Write about putting trust in someone.